docs: release note remove warning about binaries (#1354)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/IntroductionAndTutorial/WhatIsBareos.rst

.. _section-BareosBinaryReleasePolicy:

Bareos Binary Release Policy
----------------------------

> .. _section-BareosRepositoryTypes:

Reviewer: Why have moved this below the section title? IMHO it belongs above the title. Multiple section labels are not a problem.

Author: Don't know what was not working, restested and it works. Would you like to see this title going back before the section?

Reviewer: Either move it above the section title (as this ref is also called "section-") or remove it completely, as it is not used anymore anyway.

      * Only the latest build is available.
      * Packages may be marked as pre-releases (``<next-version-number>~pre``) and are published after passing an automated testing process.

>       * When a new Bareos major version gets released, this repository will also change to the new current version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * When a new Bareos major version gets released, this repository will also change to the new **current** version.
```

   * Latest build of the Bareos master branch at https://download.bareos.org/next/

      * Only the latest build is available.
      * Packages are marked as pre-releases (``<next-major-version-number>.0.0~pre``) and are only published after passing an automated testing process.

>       * When a new Bareos major version start to be developed, this repository will also change to the new next version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * When the development of a new Bareos major version starts, this repository will also change to the new **next** version.
```

The software in both types of repositories is based on the same source code freely available in https://github.com/bareos/bareos/. There are no hidden nor open core components.

.. note::

>    About (``<next-version-number>~pre``) for example if we have released 22.0.1 and some code has been backported in the meantime to the current (22) version,
>    newer packages with a 22.0.2~pre version will get published. It means latest stable current 22.0.1 release + newer backported feature that will appear in 22.0.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   About ``<next-version-number>~pre`` version numbers:
   
   Assume the current major release is ``22`` and the latest stable release is ``22.0.1``.
   As soon as some code gets backported to Bareos 22,
   packages with ``22.0.2~pre`` version will get published.
   It means the latest stable current ``22.0.1`` release + newer backported feature that will appear in ``22.0.2``.
```

Does this note not only belong to the https://download.bareos.org/current/ part?

Author: yes only d.b.o/current is concerned, I've tried to bring the note just after but it make the split between the two type of repo less evident.
